README.md, before:

# InSpecStyle

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/rubocop/inspecstyle`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

## Full Documentation
https://rubydoc.info/gems/inspecstyle

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'inspecstyle', require: false
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install inspecstyle

## Usage

InSpecStyle integrates with rubocop to lint your InSpec code.

```yaml
#.rubocop.yml
require:
  - inspecstyle
```

This gem must be installed to use the [InSpecStyle atom linter package](https://atom.io/packages/inspecstyle).

To only run these cops on your local rubocop run, execute:

`rubocop . --only InSpecStyle`

## TODO:

- Instead of referencing issues in the cops, point to a general `inspecstyle.guide`

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/schwad/inspecstyle. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/schwad]/inspecstyle/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Rubocop::InSpecStyle project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/schwad/inspecstyle/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Note azuregenericresource not working on atom

README.md, after:

# InSpecStyle

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/rubocop/inspecstyle`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

## Full Documentation
https://rubydoc.info/gems/inspecstyle

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'inspecstyle', require: false
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install inspecstyle

## Usage

InSpecStyle integrates with rubocop to lint your InSpec code.

```yaml
#.rubocop.yml
require:
  - inspecstyle
```

This gem must be installed to use the [InSpecStyle atom linter package](https://atom.io/packages/inspecstyle).

To only run these cops on your local rubocop run, execute:

`rubocop . --only InSpecStyle`

## TODO:

- Instead of referencing issues in the cops, point to a general `inspecstyle.guide`
- Known issue, resources that work on manual runs but not in `atom` package: [
  - AzureGenericResource
]

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/schwad/inspecstyle. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/schwad]/inspecstyle/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Rubocop::InSpecStyle project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/schwad/inspecstyle/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
